ENG-2790 - Password toggle refinements (#3821)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: astro/src/content/docs/customize/look-and-feel/upgrade.mdx

## Version 1.99.9

> Version `1.99.9` does not *require* any theme changes. User passwords are optional in version `1.99.9` at the tenant level.

Reviewer: If you like this, then I would suggest having 3 sections below, one for each of these, and re-working the content into them.
```suggestion
User passwords are optional starting in version `1.99.9`. While theme updates are not required, there are some areas that you may want to consider making changes:
* Advanced registration forms
* OAuth complete registration templates
* User edit forms (admin and self-service)
```

> <Aside type="caution">

Reviewer: Remove this Aside now that you can change the optional nature of passwords.

Author: OK. was going to warn them anyways (even though it's their form choice), but I don't think here is the place to do that now anyways. Removed.
